DAVID:

Hi, I'm David McPeek and this is my codeveloper, Loide Marwanga. We're here to present an app we built explicitly for a new student group at Yale called the Yale Film Association (YFA). 

Loide and I are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but one thing we  have in common is that we're both very artsy. Loide is a School of Art grad student and a fabulous designer, and I belong to that subset of the human species that you'd call a "theater geek." There are a lot of those here at Yale. 

I'm also a film lover; I love making movies. In high school, I spent a lot of time making short films with my friends, which was an extremely frustrating experience. It was like wrangling cats. I'd beg a friend to come help hold the camera or play the lead role and wear costumes and masks and sing a song and dance, etc. etc. You know you're a film nerd when you spend a Saturday, Sunday, and Monday afternoon of your summer vacation splicing sound with Imovie. 

I was really excited to get to college because I knew it wouldn't be so hard anymore to find other interested filmmakers. But there wasn't much organization around that community. There was a film appreciation club and a film production club, but few people knew about them and even fewer got involved. America's greatest college has been severely lacking in America's greatest art form: cinema!

The YFA wants to change that. Deep down, every Yalie has a lot of talent and creative energy bursting out of our pores, just waiting to be caught on camera! All we need are the connections. So, Loide and I created a site to give the YFA the tools it needs to bring filmmakers under one roof. Loide?

LOIDE:

Our vision for the site was to create a forum for all film-related extracurricular activities on campus. Anyone who is interested in viewing, acting, writing, crewing, or producing will be able to visit the site and see what's going on. 

David is the archetypal movie enthusiast, and he wants to see if the YFA is screening any classics at the Whitney this upcoming Saturday. What do you know? Both Pulp Fiction AND Casablanca are playing. Why hang out at Toad's when you can chill with John Travolta and Humphrey Bogart?

Next, David will be playing the intense wannabe director. He has a script in mind but doesn't know anyone else in LDUB to be his cameraman. So he goes on YFilm and creates a project. He can post auditions and needed crew positions, then I can ask to join his project in whatever capacity I want. 

Finally, David thinks he's going to be a movie star, so he needs some experience before he quits school and flies to Hollywood. He logs in to YFilm and checks the ongoing projects page. What do you know? Actors needed. He signs up for an audition. 


DAVID:

So that's our site. Now it's time for a corny ending.

Do we want to change the world? No. 
We just want to have fun making movies. 

But in a way--somehow--that in itself is making the world a better place. 



